VPE status colors: add 4 lights fatal error status (#611)
NabuCasa/support: src/voice-pe/about-the-device/status-colors.md

| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **1 red LED**<br>The LED closest to the speaker is red.<br>![Silent](/static/img/voice-pe/status_silent.png)          | **Silent**<br>If the media player volume is set to 0, the LED closest to the speaker is red, indicating the device cannot produce sound.                                                                                                                      |
| **2 red LEDs**<br>The two LEDs closest to the microphones are red.<br>![Muted](/static/img/voice-pe/status_muted.png) | **Muted**<br>The microphones are off.                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

> | **4 red LEDs**<br>![Update available](/static/img/voice-pe/status-fatal-error.png)                                    | **Update available**<br>Fatal error. Contact the vendor the device was ordered from to arrange for an RMA (Return Merchandise Authorization).                                                                                                                 |

Author: ```suggestion
| **4 red LEDs**<br>![status-fatal-error](/static/img/voice-pe/status-fatal-error.png)                                    | **Fatal error**<br>The device encountered a fatal error. Contact the vendor the device was ordered from to arrange for an RMA (Return Merchandise Authorization).                                                                                                                 |
```
